01
Securefact Website Mock-up
2017
This mock-up is the final iteration that was delivered to the client for approval. With their requests and must-haves in mind, I aimed to deliver a website that was clean, easy to read, and approachable. Using Wordpress and Divi Themes, I then translated this design into a functioning website.

02
OCC Website Mock-up
2014
One of my earliest professional mock-ups, I was tasked by Media Rez Studios to generate a potential mock-up for the Oakville Chamber of Commerce, who needed to modernize their website.

03
Social Enterprise Alliance
2016
This screenshot is one of a collection of websites that were dedicated to multiple chapters of the Social Enterprise Alliance. Each website was designed to be functionally the same, with small variations and tweaks depending on the particular client. I have designed these websites for SEA Chicago, LA, and Washington.

04
Suzie Sunshine
2016
This website is designed to deliver information to parents about Suzie Sunshine’s variety of books and music on classical musicians, and to provide locations for book ordering and pickup. The website is designed to reflect the fun and engaging material she strives to provide to the children she teaches.

05
Golf Sr. Group Shot
2015
Every week, the photographers at Appleby College Summer Camps was required to capture a group shot of each camp before the week’s end for promotional materials and to be displayed on a slideshow on Friday for the campers to enjoy. This photograph I took is a particular favourite of mine, as I believe it showcases the quirky fun that is had at the camp. 

06
Contact Show Print #2
2016
The second photo in a series of 3, this photograph was an exploration in lighting the face, specifically the eyes. This series was printed and showcased at the Scotiabank Contact Show at OCAD U.

07
Spider
2014
Taken as an exercise in macro-photography, I’m particularly pleased with the clarity of the photograph, given that the subject – this spider – was less than 1cm across.

08
Inkjet Project #1
2015
The first in a series of photographs, this particular image was captured using acrylic ink, a fish tank, some white illustration board, a plastic syringe, and a high shutter speed. I experimented with different timings, colors, and lighting scenarios, and later revisited this project in video form.

09
Appleby College Summer Camps
2016
This motion graphic was created for Appleby College to use as a bookend graphic on their promotional videos. To accomplish this, I vectorized their logo, and then split each component into their own individual layers in Adobe Illustrator before taking each layer into After Effects and generating the motion using masks and motion paths.

10
MEC – Intro Remaster
2016
This clip is a remastering of the original bookend motion graphic for the Marketing Equipment Company. The goal was to take the existing motion graphic and upscale it to modern resolutions, while also revitalizing the motion itself to give it a more lively appearance.

11
TU20 Intro Graphic
2016
This intro graphic was created using assets I also developed for a group called Tech Under 20, a youth meetup group dedicated to helping students integrate themselves into the tech, business, and entrepreneurship community.

12
Little Magic Loop
2016
A simple animated loop of a character I designed as a method of familiarizing myself with character animation in Adobe After Effects.

13
CD Cover Mock-Up
2016
This mock-up was part of a media package that would have been sent to Massive Tank Studios, a recording studio, by Media Rez Studios. The idea was to generate sample covers for CD’s that could be used to exemplify what MRS was capable of, however this project was ultimately canceled as other projects came to the forefront.

14
OHIP Redesign Mock-Up
2018
Created for an assignment as a part of my studies at OCAD U, this project tasked us with redesigning the cramped OHIP registration form. We were required to include everything that was on the original form, and were also tasked with making it into a fillable PDF.

15
The Smiley Dictionary
2017
This is a snapshot of a layout project completed as part of my education at OCADU. We were provided with a set of copy which we were then required to arrange in a typographic layout using Adobe InDesign. We were required to utilize all formatting that the source document included, and to communicate with our 'client' if we spotted any potential errors or issues in the copy.

16
TreeScout Reimagining
2018
Another assignment from OCAD U, this project saw us choosing one work from a number of designers and researching the concept of “messy design” in conjunction with redesigning the work. What I found was that messy design is iterative design, and that design as a whole is not a linear process. The final result is indicative of the process taken to get there, and by practicing explorative techniques something greater than the initial concept can be created.

17
Glass Mesa Design Logo
2015
For about 1 year I decided to try my hand at freelance work, and I learned a lot about how to find work and manage my time. As a part of this process, I generated my own branding, Glass Mesa Design, a name inspired by a piece I had created prior to beginning my schooling at OCAD U. I was aiming for something that was clean, simple, and very lightweight.

18
XarvCom Logo
2016
This logo was designed for a small competition start-up called XarvCom. It would have been a competitive drone sport, in a similar vein to the VEX Robotics Competition. The goal here was to create something that was representative of some aspect of a drone, which led to my choice of a drone propeller serving as one half of the X form.

19
Unique Geek Business Card
2017
This business card was developed for a start-up IT servicing business. They did not have a logo at the time, so I did double-duty and developed the wrench and type-mark for them as well.

20
PowerTeam Halton
2017
Powerteam Halton is a meetup of business professionals and entrepreneurs who meet weekly to simply chat and discuss their week in business and offer help, advice, or encouragement. I offered to design a logo and branding materials for them to use on their website and to spread the word to grow the group even more.

21
TU20 Branding Materials
2016
In combination with the motion graphic, I also provided all the groundwork for the branding materials for Tech Under 20. I developed the logo and social media banners to be used on Facebook, Twitter, and on their website.

22
Illustrative Character Explorations
2015
As part of an animation exercise in Adobe After Effects I was working on, I tasked myself with generating characters to animate. These little guys are the result of my efforts, generated in Adobe Illustrator.

23
Laptop Skin
2014
This simple design was created in Adobe Illustrator to be used as a laptop skin, which I still use to this day.

24
Doughnuts
2016
This graphic was created as a part of a set for a motion graphics assignment at OCAD U. The task was to create a title sequence for a theoretical film adaption of a novel. I chose to ‘adapt’ a book called Company by Max Barry.

25
Skwid
2018
A vector piece created in Adobe Illustrator, the inspiration for this this little guy currently sits on my desk and serves as my personal avatar on websites and services such as Steam, Discord, and YouTube.
